So this is a very short video, even though we don't really need it.
I hope you do go through this because there is one very small concept here that might be useful for
you later on.
So we've seen the basic data types.
So we have in 64, we have floods, we have flood 64 us right.
Type of ice fraud 64.
You can convert this into a 32 bit flood, which is not going to be for 32, which is represented using
EF zero.
OK, we can also have complex numbers so we can have a complex number equal to one plus three into erm
so this erm is a building which defines the imaginary part of a complex number.
If you're not familiar with complex numbers, don't worry about this.
This is just here for the sake of completeness, we don't really need them in machine learning aspect.
If you're going to like physics simulation and all that, you might need it, but then you would already
know what a complex number is.
OK, so type of C is a complex number in which each element is in 64 type.
You can also have floors here in which each part of the imaginary number itself is a float.
And the way to create that is, you say, is equal to complex float 64.
So this defines the type and you're essentially calling a constructor of this type and giving it the
actual values, one plus three am, and that is going to create one to zero plus three point zero imaginary.
Both the real and imaginary part are now floats instead of integers.
OK, so this is a complex with the different parts as four sixty four.
Right.
You can have is equal to one, two four.
So these are going to be insectivores.
But if you are sure that you want them to be float's instead of integers, you can say floor 64 and
square brackets and this is going to create a floor six for the same values.
But now this is going to be a floor 64.
So this is a shortcut for something very similar to above over here.
The full version would be a sequel to Complex Flawed 64 one two five, so this creates an array of one,
two, five, and each element is going to be a complex number in which both the real and the imaginary
part are Fraunces to force.
OK, so if you do that, you will see one point zero zero point zero imaginary.
So this is an array in which each element is a complex.
So even though we provided only real part, it's going to create the imaginary Barcott itself, both
real and imaginary part are flaws because of this flawed 64 over here.
OK, so that makes sense.
If not, please do ask for answers and I'll try to clarify further.
OK, we can also check whether an element is or is not a simple data type so we can say is a one insectivores.
Obviously it's not.
It's a flawed.
If you ask is it a flawed 64, it will say true.
If you ask is it a flawed 32?
It says false because by default, all floats on my machine go to four 64.
OK, so all this made sense.
In the next video, we are going to start putting these things together into functions that can solve
specific problems for us.